Copy edit Guides - Views and templates (#4224)
phoenixframework/phoenix: guides/views.md

> **Requirement**: This guide expects that you have gone through the [request life-cycle guide](request_lifecycle.html).

A Phoenix view's main job is to render the body of the response which gets sent back to browsers and API clients. Most of the time, we use templates to build these responses, but we can also craft them by hand. We will learn how.

## Rendering templates

Phoenix assumes a strong naming convention from controllers to views to the templates they render. The `PageController` controller requires a `PageView` view to render templates in the `lib/hello_web/templates/page/` directory. While all of these can be customizable (see `Phoenix.View` and `Phoenix.Template` for more information), we recommend users stick with Phoenix' convention.

A newly generated Phoenix application has three view modules - `ErrorView`, `LayoutView`, and `PageView` -  which are all in the `lib/hello_web/views/` directory.

Let's take a quick look at the `LayoutView` view.

```elixir
defmodule HelloWeb.LayoutView do
  use HelloWeb, :view
end
```

> That's simple enough. There's only one line, `use HelloWeb, :view`. This line calls the `view/0` function we just saw above. (### SAW ABOVE WHERE?####) Besides allowing us to change our template root, `view/0` exercises the `__using__` macro in the `Phoenix.View` module. It also handles any module imports or aliases our application's view modules might need.

Author: This is pending.
> This line calls the `view/0` function we just saw above.

> That's simple enough. There's only one line, `use HelloWeb, :view`. This line calls the `view/0` function we just saw above. (### SAW ABOVE WHERE?####) Besides allowing us to change our template root, `view/0` exercises the `__using__` macro in the `Phoenix.View` module. It also handles any module imports or aliases our application's view modules might need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's simple enough. There's only one line, `use HelloWeb, :view`. This line calls the `view/0` function defined in `HelloWeb` which sets up the basic imports and configuration for our views and templates.
```

## Error pages

Phoenix has a view called the `ErrorView` which lives in `lib/hello_web/views/error_view.ex`. The purpose of `ErrorView` is to handle errors in a general way, from one centralized location.  Similar to the views we built in this guide, error views can return both HTML and JSON responses. See the [custom error pages how-to](custom_error_pages.html) for more information.

> [welcome page]: http://localhost:4000

Reviewer: We don't use this style anywhere else in the guides. Can you please keep the links inline? Thank you.

Author: We just did
Please see the discussion for the reasoning.
https://github.com/phoenixframework/phoenix/pull/4202#pullrequestreview-588497696
